Hello friends,
if any of our patients is hospitalized through ICCI board, then for this we will
click on the claim option,
then we will go to the file claim option
and after clicking on file claim,
we will
fill whatever our details are, so here the
hospitalization, pre-hospitalization and
post-hospitalization option is coming, we will
select pre and post,
after selecting, then our claim page will
open, here the
details of whichever insurance person will be there will come, then
whichever of these two is hospitalized, we will
select him, then we will update his local address
and
after updating, then we will proceed,
here we have updated the address, then
after that we will click on the proceed option,
once we have checked all the details, then
we will click on proceed,
we have clicked on proceed, then the next
details which are
related to our hospital, so
we will have to fill its details, what is the name of the hospital,
what is its pin code,
as soon as we enter the pin code, its state and city will appear
by default  Here we have
entered the name of the hospital, entered the pin code, the
state and city, the date on which he or she was
hospitalized,
we will select that date here and the date on which he or she was
discharged,
then one option is coming below that of watch
cashless option is coming, if you have availed
its benefit then you will select yes or no
accordingly, so right now we are selecting the date here of
hospitalization
and discharge, we have selected the date of both, then if you have availed
any benefit
of hospitalization then if you have not taken it then
no cashless, then after that
what is your total claim amount, we will
count it, after counting we will
type it here, then we will proceed,
after proceeding, the name of the proposer is there, so here we will
type his name, so
in the proposer, the name of the
primary insurance person will be there and if his
name is not there then if he is hospitalized then the
primary insurance person's details will be there,
if the primary insurance person himself
is hospitalized then his details will be there at both the places
So we entered his name on this,
after entering the name, after filling the bank details
and PAN card details,
we will click on proceed, so
we clicked on proceed, then whatever
payment we have made during hospital hospitalization,
we will
save its receipt on a file and then upload it
or we can upload it selectively one to one, so
we had pasted the payment receipt
on a word file,
converted it into PDF and
uploaded it here, then the
cancelled cheque is coming, the final hospital bill is coming,
then the pharmacy and medicine bill is coming,
so we will upload their file from our mobile
storage, so we have uploaded the
pharmacy bill on this as well
and
we have also uploaded the cancelled cheque option which is coming on top, the
rest our discharge
report or consultation
report which the doctor etc.
makes the prescription, then we will have to upload that also, so
here we have uploaded all of them one to one
Medical bill,
pharmacy or cancellation check done, payment
details done, all this has been submitted,
after submitting we will proceed,
after proceeding we will check all the details once,
then a declaration is coming and a
consent is coming, we have to check this, we have to
click on the check mark here,
then after that we
will click on final submit, then read it once,
whatever your document is, you have to
submit it properly, you have to submit the correct
document, then after that as
soon as we click on submit, then the
OTP will come on our registered number and
we will have to fill the OTP here and as soon as we fill it, a
claim number will be generated for us.